Announce paper release (#1036)
vllm-project/vllm: README.md

We welcome and value any contributions and collaborations.
Please check out [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for how to get involved.

## Citation

If you use vLLM for your research, please cite our [paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2309.06180):
```bibtex
@misc{kwon2023efficient,
      title={Efficient Memory Management for Large Language Model Serving with PagedAttention}, 
      author={Woosuk Kwon and Zhuohan Li and Siyuan Zhuang and Ying Sheng and Lianmin Zheng and Cody Hao Yu and Joseph E. Gonzalez and Hao Zhang and Ion Stoica},
      year={2023},
      eprint={2309.06180},
      archivePrefix={arXiv},
      primaryClass={cs.LG}

> }

Reviewer: Can you change the bib to cite our SOSP version?

Author: You mean without the `pages` entry?

Reviewer: Yes, just keep `booktitle` and `year`, for example:

```suggestion
@misc{kwon2023efficient,
      title={Efficient Memory Management for Large Language Model Serving with PagedAttention}, 
      author={Woosuk Kwon and Zhuohan Li and Siyuan Zhuang and Ying Sheng and Lianmin Zheng and Cody Hao Yu and Joseph E. Gonzalez and Hao Zhang and Ion Stoica},
      booktitle={Proceedings of the ACM SIGOPS 29th Symposium on Operating Systems Principles (SOSP'23)},
      year={2023},
}
```

Author: Done!
